Hello my over the winter and today I
will show
about how sick my finger was and that's about
this car
first we'll talk about what happened
The box here is written to arrange a race and
this one is so immune our machine but
now it will certainly not be interesting
because you have already seen that and all
three wrinkles that I also add
it left the police one more
the lowest and here is the jeep
I'll take the car now
I have already collected this instruction
What a strange but also gathered here
again showing how to become one behind
and the same and here everything that is said about this
the car is very find of course I will not
It takes somewhere 2:00 is such a machine and
again some kind of joy
these two things I don't understand why
but they still like that
the instructions look cool here
Smeshariki pin-code of course understands for
children very malikov true business takes
four kinds of cars and again building more
there is a super genius written on the box
Of course, I was delighted and it was still there
gummy
which I already took it off from confit
trail
toys and toys from the toy company
prohibited for children 3 years old because it is
made of very small things here
such a lattice in the first to me actually I
saw a lot of these and remember not
I wanted to want jack but then I saw
I didn't want a policeman and I saw
this one
and immediately got this cool car and
bought the next time i seem to buy
already jeep because jim is also interesting
at first I already wanted to take it ok
again keencut read out written yet
untitled designer well it seems
the name of this smeshariki pin
here we go to the machine here are the wheels
ancient ancestors as we understand now I
their no ointment will not because it seems
it will be very difficult it will have all
break here is not such a glass
form of a chair and first because here
you need to put the little men somewhere you can
Well, yes, there are such blocks, but I thought
still the table will be first because it
there will be a little stool but
it turns out no it's bright
This is how the bottom looks like the usual Vega and
so sheep and there are leka wheels it seems like
I understand the language here and scratch
knows twice the plaza 3
here there are such things that I already
spoke oh
Now I will try to remove I will not shoot
I liked the color here the most
of these things they look like iron
man what he flies
the fact that the hands of the girls and legs are right here
round here here here such very
small blocks I do not remember why these
things I think they will be something
connect but what no no more
brings these little good wheels
removing like not a standing car and
We still have a ball for some reason,
some country skateboard okay here
written marmalade plow on the glaze was
very tasty by the way
and all show was on the ground moreover
I advise you to buy and this is a set on
their children but only not less than three years
because these cars were doing very
small as I said from very
small details and they can
swallow i like pay but but still
can some how was sitting with the child
don't let him eat it and collect
month to him and to all while he could was winter
methods today i talked about this
designer smeshariki pin code again
bye everyone
subscribe and like